we now want to listen live to the
spokesperson for the Palestinian Health
Ministry who is speaking from the
largest hospital in the Gaza Strip Al
shifer Hospital during this attacks but
the Red Cross told us and informed us in
a very Frank way that
Israel is
rejecting any form of coordination for
all the humanitarian
missions however and given the
escalating
situation and the increasing numbers of
wounded and injured especially
critically
injured people that cannot be treated
here in our hospitals as I mentioned
earlier and given the increasing number
and the huge number of the injured
people that are arriving to at the
Indonesian hospital and other medic IAL
centers that are unable to absorb and
treat those huge numbers and after
approving that some of the patients will
be transported and transferred to
Egypt we then have decided to send those
ambulance
vehicles that would leave or depart from
the medical complex from the south at
400 p.m. and before the
Vehicles departed we have informed
everyone through a press conference and
we have also been in touch with the
international Council and the Red Cross
and also the United Nations agencies to
inform them the whole world have watched
that those Vehicles departed from
alifa Medical Center at 4 p.m. however
Israel and the aggression of Israel has
attacked and targeted and attacked the
ambulance causing a massacre against
victims civilians and wounded people and
given this massacres and the Israeli
aggression that is using the Silence of
the International Community as a green
light to continue to commit more
massacres against our people our injured
and our paramedics and our
hospitals and also ambulance vehicles
and humanitarian
missions and given this
massacre we we confirm the
following first we demand from the
International
Community to shoulder its responsibility
given those practices and aggressions
being committed by Israel on a daily
basis in
Gaza and that is against humanitarian
law and Geneva
Convention the International
Community should stop those massacres
that are committed against our
people and our paramedics and our
injured
and victims we call on everyone to help
us create a humanitarian Corridor to
ensure the transportation of victims and
patients and to allow humanitarian aids
to be funneled to Gaza Strip we also
demand the Red
Cross to activate the fourth Convention
of Geneva in order to protect the health
facilities and facilitate the work of
the paramedics and ambulance vehicles in
order to evacuate and transport victims
wounded and patients with no
restrictions and no targeting peace be
upon you